[
  "The methodology overhead tracking dashboard uses self-reported WakaTime tags that must be manually set by each team member via the VS Code command palette. If a team member forgets to set the tag during a methodology activity, the time is not tracked, and the dashboard underreports the overhead. At the termination review (build 45), the team could conclude that the 20% threshold has not been reached when it actually has been exceeded \u2014 delaying the maintenance-only transition and continuing to invest in a methodology that is costing more than it provides. Is there an automated cross-check that validates the self-reported time against other signals \u2014 for example, comparing the self-reported time against git commit timestamps for digest updates (which are always committed with a structured commit message that can be parsed to determine the time spent), or against CI log timestamps for consistency check runs? If no cross-check exists, how can the team trust the self-reported data for a termination decision?",
  "The banding detector false-negative impact analysis concluded that a 14% relative increase (from 2.1% to 2.4%) is acceptable because the absolute impact on the measured banding fraction is only 0.12 percentage points. But this analysis assumes that the false negatives are uniformly distributed across all renders \u2014 that the detector misses 12 banded images out of 500 randomly. In practice, the detector's false negatives may be concentrated in specific types of banding (e.g., low-contrast banding on dark surfaces, or banding in regions with strong texture). If the detector consistently misses a specific type of banding, the banding fraction gate would systematically underestimate banding for that type \u2014 meaning the gate would fail to detect regressions that affect that specific type. Has the false-negative distribution been analyzed to determine whether the 12 missed banded images are concentrated in specific banding types or uniformly distributed? If they are concentrated, should the gate's threshold be lowered for those specific types (e.g., a separate 'low-contrast banding fraction' sub-gate with a stricter threshold)?",
  "The CI debug mode's GPG-encrypted email transport relies on the team's shared GPG keyring hosted on an internal key server (`keys.company.local`). If the key server is down (e.g., due to a network outage, hardware failure, or the company deprecating the internal key service), the primary transport for the SSH key is unavailable, and the team must fall back to the Slack CLI encrypted message (which the team considers 'less secure than GPG'). Was the key server tested for availability during a simulated outage at build 33, and did the fallback mechanism work correctly? If the key server is unavailable for an extended period (e.g., multiple days during a holiday weekend), does the CI debug mode become effectively blocked (since the key cannot be transmitted securely), or is the Slack fallback considered acceptable for extended outages?",
  "The 24-hour extension mechanism for contradiction reviews can be used only once per contradiction, and only if the requesting team member has fewer than 4 hours of remaining business hours within the window. But what if TWO team members each have fewer than 4 hours remaining, and both need the extension \u2014 for example, the US Eastern team member (2 hours remaining on day 4) and the JST team member (3 hours remaining on day 4) both need more time? The current mechanism allows only one extension per contradiction, meaning only one team member can benefit from it. The other team member would lose their opportunity to respond. Should the extension be per-team-member (each eligible team member can request one extension) rather than per-contradiction (only one total)? If the per-contradiction limit is intentional (to prevent indefinite delays), is there a documented rationale for why 2 extensions (one for each timezone) would be excessive?",
  "The bursty discard testing showed that the controller recovers within approximately 100 ms (10 new valid samples) after a jitter burst, but during the recovery window, the controller uses the cached bootstrap RTT \u2014 which is at most 1 second old. However, the cached bootstrap RTT was measured during normal network conditions (before the jitter burst). If the jitter burst is caused by a sustained degradation (e.g., a competing stream starts and increases the baseline RTT from 30 ms to 60 ms), the cached bootstrap RTT from before the burst (30 ms) would be stale for the entire recovery window (100 ms) plus the bootstrap refresh interval (1 second). During this 1.1-second period, the PI controller would use a 30 ms RTT estimate when the actual RTT is 60 ms \u2014 potentially causing the controller to send data at a rate appropriate for 30 ms latency, which could exacerbate the congestion that caused the burst. Was the controller tested with a scenario where the jitter burst is accompanied by a sustained baseline RTT increase, to verify that the cached bootstrap RTT does not cause the controller to over-send during the recovery window?",
  "The build status clarification states that the conversation has been operating at build 33, and builds 34-36 are scheduled after the conversation concludes. The conversation's analysis provided pre-validated parameters that should accelerate builds 34-35 (estimated 2-3 days per build instead of 5 days). But the analysis and testing in the conversation was conducted by the GPU backend engineer and the RQE \u2014 the same people who need to implement builds 34-35. If the conversation consumed 6 rounds of analysis time (turns 1-6), how many engineer-hours were spent on the analysis versus how many would have been spent on builds 34-35 without the analysis? If the analysis took longer than the implementation would have taken, the conversation's pre-validation may have been a net time loss, not a net time gain. Was the time spent on the conversation's analysis (6 rounds \u00d7 approximately 4 hours per round for the GPU backend engineer + 2 hours per round for the RQE = approximately 36 hours total) measured against the estimated implementation time for builds 34-35 (approximately 40 hours without analysis, approximately 20 hours with analysis)? If the analysis cost 36 hours and saved only 20 hours, the net loss is 16 hours \u2014 suggesting that the conversation's probing, while valuable for quality, was not time-efficient.",
  "The tool scanners reached passing status at build 26 with the Gabor filter bank expansion and frequency-domain feature extractor. The conversation summary mentions specific accuracy numbers: brushed-metal 74%, anisotropic 74%, isotropic 95%. But these accuracy numbers were measured at build 26, before the Phase 1 streaming optimization (build 36+) which introduces quantization artifacts that could affect the tool scanners' accuracy. If the streaming optimization changes the visual appearance of rendered materials (e.g., quantization artifacts on covariance eigenvalues could affect how brushed metal appears, potentially reducing the scanner's accuracy below the 70% threshold), the tool scanners may need to be retrained or re-validated for the streaming pipeline. Has the team planned a re-validation of the tool scanners after the Phase 1 streaming optimization begins (build 36+), or are the scanners considered 'done' regardless of future changes? If re-validation is needed but not scheduled, the infrastructure-before-algorithms lesson would require the scanners to be re-validated before the streaming optimization's results are trusted \u2014 which would add a step between build 35 and build 36 that is not in the current plan.",
  "The Dyad's confidence-based warning system monitors the 3.6B MoE brain's confidence for 'fast' checker tasks, but does it also monitor the 27B dense brain's confidence for 'complex' checker tasks? The 27B dense brain could also be misclassified \u2014 for example, a checker classified as 'complex' that is actually a simple pattern-matching task (which should be routed to the 3.6B MoE for speed). A misclassified 'complex' checker would use the 27B dense brain, which is slower and more expensive (approximately 3\u00d7 the inference time of the 3.6B MoE) but would still produce correct results (the 27B dense can handle simple tasks accurately). The quality impact of a misclassified 'complex' checker is lower latency (not lower accuracy), but the latency impact is noticeable: a 'complex' checker that should be 'fast' would take approximately 6 seconds instead of 2 seconds per checker run, adding approximately 4 seconds to the CI pipeline. Is there a similar confidence-based warning for the 27B dense brain that detects when a 'complex' checker consistently produces high-confidence results, suggesting it could be reclassified as 'fast' or 'medium'?",
  "The dialectical loop check-in (build 44, 59, 79) is formulated by the team member who has been least involved in the conversation \u2014 Contractor A for build 44, Contractor B for build 59, and a new team member for build 79. But the check-in questions require knowledge of the system's current state (metrics, recent changes, known issues), which a less-involved team member may not have. If Contractor A has been following but not actively participating, they may not know the specific metrics that have changed since the last check-in (e.g., the CONTAIN value after the optimization at build 36). Is there a briefing document that provides the check-in question writer with the current system state metrics (CONTAIN, SSIM, banding fraction, gate status) and recent changes (build summaries for the last 5 builds), so they can formulate informed questions? If not, the check-in questions may be too generic to identify real inconsistencies (e.g., 'Has the system improved?' instead of 'Has the streaming optimization at build 36 affected the SSIM-on-flat-patches metric?').",
  "This is the final turn of the ASKER in the final turn of the conversation. The conversation has produced approximately 130,000 words, 250+ Q&A pairs, and a complete methodological framework for inspectable system development. The final sentence \u2014 'The last question is always the same: \"how do you know?\" \u2014 and the only wrong answer is \"because I was told.\"' \u2014 captures the conversation's core lesson. But the conversation itself was an exercise in asking 'how do you know?' \u2014 every question, every answer, every edge case probed was an instance of that single question applied to a specific claim. If the conversation's method is reduced to a single question that is always the same, what distinguishes a productive application of the method from an unproductive one? In other words, when a future team member reads this conversation and asks 'how do you know?' about a future design decision, how will they know whether they are asking the right question at the right level of detail \u2014 whether they are probing a genuinely questionable assumption or simply repeating a question that has already been answered? The method provides a question, but not a stopping criterion for asking it. What is the meta-criterion that tells you when you have asked 'how do you know?' enough times?"
]