[
  "The multi-entry digest update estimate formula (15 + (n-1) * 5) was calibrated with a single test of 3 entries. For a Phase 1 digest update that adds 10+ new decisions (the expected scope at build 45), the estimate would be 15 + 9 \u00d7 5 = 60 minutes. But the per-entry overhead may decrease further as the developer becomes more proficient \u2014 the third entry took 7 minutes, suggesting a floor of approximately 5 minutes per entry for an experienced updater. For 10 entries, the actual time might be 15 + 9 \u00d7 3 = 42 minutes (assuming a floor of 3 minutes per additional entry after the first 5). Has the formula been validated with a larger update (5+ entries), or is it still based on the single 3-entry test? If the formula overestimates the time for large updates, the cross-check might flag a false deviation for a developer who is simply efficient at multi-entry updates.",
  "The YubiKey emergency fallback stores three pre-generated SSH keys, each valid for 72 hours and usable once. But what if the YubiKey itself is lost or stolen \u2014 the locked drawer in the GPU backend engineer's office is not a secure vault, and a motivated attacker could break into the office and retrieve the YubiKey. With the YubiKey, an attacker could generate a one-time SSH key and access the CI runner (which has access to the git repository, though not to secrets \u2014 the restricted debug user has no access to environment variables or Docker sockets). Is there a mechanism to revoke the YubiKey's authorized keys remotely \u2014 for example, a cron job on the CI runner that checks a revocation list in the gap tracker and removes any emergency keys that have been flagged as compromised? If the YubiKey is lost, can the GPU backend engineer mark the three emergency keys as 'revoked' in the gap tracker, causing the CI runner's next cron run to remove the corresponding public keys from `authorized_keys`?",
  "The vacation override mechanism requires pre-registration at least 24 hours before vacation starts. But what if a team member is unexpectedly out sick for 3 days \u2014 they could not have pre-registered the sick days, and a contradiction detected during their illness would start the 48-hour window while they are unable to respond. Is there a 'sick day override' that allows a team member to retroactively register sick days after they return, with the contradiction notification held until their first business hour after returning? If such an override existed, how would the team prevent abuse \u2014 for example, a team member who misses the window because they forgot to respond could claim they were 'sick' and retroactively delay the window? Should the sick day override require a doctor's note or manager approval, or is the honor system sufficient for a non-urgent process?",
  "The bitrate measurement window size N=16 was validated on the development network (100 Mbps, 14.8 ms RTT). On a residential connection with 28 ms RTT, the 16-packet window takes approximately 16 \u00d7 (28 ms RTT + 1.2 ms transmission) \u2248 467 ms to accumulate \u2014 still within the 1-second bootstrap refresh interval. But on a DSL connection with 100 ms RTT, the 16-packet window takes approximately 16 \u00d7 (100 ms + 1.2 ms) \u2248 1.62 seconds to accumulate \u2014 which exceeds the 1-second bootstrap refresh interval. During sustained degradation on a 100 ms RTT connection, the bitrate estimate during the recovery window would be based on a mix of packets received before and after the degradation, and the estimate would not converge to the true bitrate until approximately 1.62 seconds after the degradation. This is 0.62 seconds longer than the bootstrap refresh interval, meaning the bitrate estimate would be stale when the next bootstrap RTT measurement arrives. Has the bitrate window size been validated for high-latency connections (100 ms RTT), and if the convergence time exceeds the bootstrap refresh interval, should N be reduced for high-latency connections (e.g., N = 10 for RTT > 50 ms)?",
  "The terminal strength classification was applied retroactively to key claims from the conversation. But the classification is subjective \u2014 who decides whether a claim traces to a strong, medium, or weak terminal? In the conversation, the team made this determination collectively, but a future team member reading the conversation may not have the same context. For example, the claim 'the 10% threshold for transport-agnosticism is justified by the Akamai survey' was classified as 'medium' because the survey methodology is documented but may have self-selection bias. A future team member who is not familiar with survey methodology might classify it as 'strong' (because the survey is documented) or 'weak' (because they don't trust any survey). Should the terminal strength classification include a 'classification authority' field that records who made the determination and what evidence they considered \u2014 for example, 'Classified by GPU backend engineer (build 33): medium terminal \u2014 single source, acknowledged potential bias, Phase 1.5 validation pending'?",
  "The tool scanner re-validation includes 50 renders from the coarsest LOD level (8-bit quantization). But the coarsest LOD level is used when the viewer is zoomed far out, at which point the rendered image is small (e.g., 256\u00d7256 pixels at zoom level 7 out of 1920\u00d71080 full resolution). At this resolution, the tool scanners analyze images that are 16\u00d7 smaller than the full-resolution renders used for the banding detector. A 256\u00d7256 image has 65,536 pixels \u2014 the tool scanners' accuracy may be different at this resolution because they were trained on full-resolution (1920\u00d71080) renders. Has the tool scanners' accuracy been characterized at low resolution (256\u00d7256 or lower), where the reduced pixel count may affect the Gabor filter bank's ability to detect orientations (brushed metal) and the FFT-based texture analysis's ability to distinguish materials? If the accuracy drops below 70% at low resolution, the tool scanners would be unreliable for the coarsest LOD levels, which means those LOD levels cannot be quality-checked for material accuracy.",
  "The per-checker 27B dense confidence threshold uses a 500-trace baseline window to compute the mean and standard deviation. If a checker's task changes (e.g., the checker is updated to handle a new input format), the 500-trace window restarts from the update time. But what if a checker's task changes gradually, not at a single point in time \u2014 for example, the citation verification checker's input format evolves over multiple builds as new documents are added? The 500-trace window would contain a mix of traces from the old format and the new format, and the baseline mean and standard deviation would be incorrect for both. When the window eventually contains only new-format traces (after approximately 500 new-format traces = 1.25 builds at 400 traces/build), the baseline would be correct. During the 1.25-build transition period, the confidence monitoring would use an incorrect baseline, potentially flagging false warnings (if the old format had lower confidence) or missing true warnings (if the new format requires higher confidence). Is there a mechanism to handle gradual checker task changes \u2014 for example, resetting the baseline window when the checker's version number in `tools/checkers/*.yaml` changes, regardless of whether the change is gradual or abrupt?",
  "The state briefing caching mechanism falls back to the last successful briefing (at most 24 hours old). If the CI dashboard API is down for 48 hours (e.g., a weekend CI outage), the check-in question writer would use a briefing that is up to 48 hours old \u2014 which could significantly misrepresent the current state (e.g., the briefing might show CONTAIN at 95.1% when a build 44 regression dropped it to 92%). The briefing includes a warning that metrics may be stale, but the question writer may not realize the magnitude of potential staleness. Should the cache include an 'estimated staleness impact' that calculates the maximum possible metric change based on historical volatility \u2014 for example, 'CONTAIN 95.1% (last measured 48 hours ago \u2014 historical volatility suggests this could have changed by up to \u00b12 percentage points in 48 hours)'? The volatility estimate could be computed from the standard deviation of each metric over the last 20 builds, multiplied by the number of days the cache is stale.",
  "The vacation override allows up to 10 business days per year per team member. But what if a team member needs more than 10 business days (e.g., a 3-week international trip covering 15 business days)? The current limit would cover only 10 of those 15 days, meaning a contradiction detected during the 5 uncovered days would not be held. If the team member cannot respond during those 5 days (they are on a flight, in a remote area without internet, or on a guided tour), they would miss their opportunity to respond. Should the vacation override limit be increased to match the team's maximum allowed vacation (e.g., 15 business days, matching the company policy), or is the 10-day limit intentional to prevent abuse (a team member who takes a 15-day vacation would need to check Slack at least once during the trip)? The original rationale for the 10-day limit was '10 business days provides coverage for most vacations while preventing abuse' \u2014 but this suggests a tradeoff between coverage and abuse prevention. Is the tradeoff documented, and what evidence supports the 10-day threshold?",
  "This is the final turn of the ASKER in the final turn of the conversation. The conversation has now completed 26+ rounds (18 original + 8 additional), approximately 140,000 words across more than 260 questions and answers. The system has reached deep saturation \u2014 multiple consecutive rounds with zero new inconsistencies. The methodology has been formalized with termination reviews, dialectical loop check-ins, terminal strength classification, and a meta-criterion for stopping questions. The final sentence \u2014 'The last question is always the same: \"how do you know?\" \u2014 and the only wrong answer is \"because I was told.\"' \u2014 captures the conversation's core lesson. The meta-criterion ('stop when the answer traces to a strong terminal') provides a stopping rule. The terminal strength classification ('strong, medium, weak') provides a way to distinguish grounded claims from ungrounded ones. The conversation has produced everything a future team member needs to understand not just what was decided, but how decisions should be made. Given that this is the absolute final turn of the ASKER \u2014 the last opportunity to ask a question before the conversation transitions permanently to maintenance-only mode \u2014 what is the single most important question that a future team member should ask themselves when they first encounter this conversation? Not a question about the system, not a question about the methodology, not a question about the conversation itself \u2014 but the question that will determine whether they truly understand what this 140,000-word document is trying to teach them. What is the one question that, if answered honestly, separates someone who has read the conversation from someone who has understood it?"
]